---
description: "I first came to Yoga at the tender age of 20 to relieve anxieties and help make sense of an unpredictable world. Nearly two decades later, I am still seeking, and practicing; and perhaps have gained some insight into myself and the world – but then again, perhaps not \uD83D\uDE09"
dateModified: '2016-08-03T01:25:17.260Z'
datePublished: '2016-08-03T01:25:26.384Z'
title: Yoga
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-08-03-yoga.md
inFeed: true
hasPage: false
inNav: false
_type: MediaObject

---
## Yoga

I first came to Yoga at the tender age of 20 to relieve anxieties and help make sense of an unpredictable world. Nearly two decades later, I am still seeking, and practicing; and perhaps have gained some insight into myself and the world -- but then again, perhaps not 😉

I've been teaching Yoga since 2006 and have sought teachings and trainings from many well respected and known teachers over the years, and across the globe. I was fortunate enough to cross paths with my principle teachers, Sarah and Ty Powers in 2010, and became an inaugural student at the Insight Yoga Institute, which they co-founded. Since then, I have immersed myself in the study of Eastern Wisdom Traditions, Transpersonal Psychology, and Yoga; the synthesis of which compose, Insight Yoga, studying with world renowned teachers in their respective fields. I have been honoured to assist Sarah Powers at workshops and intensives in Toronto, Montreal, and London, England, and am privileged to be a mentee of Ty Powers.

I teach in the style of Insight Yoga to enliven and integrate the body, heart, and mind. An active and flowing (yang) style, and receptive (yin) movements, as well as meditation are woven together, with an inner attitudinal alignment shifted towards loving-kindness. Clarity, and understanding of ourselves and how we relate to our world is the fruition of practice.

Informally, life has taught me much and continues to do so. I have lived and taught in Canada, England, China, and now the United Arab Emirates. The friends whom I've met, and connections I've made, risks taken, and sights seen, have left me forever changed -- for the better. I will continue to seek and teach practices that awaken my own body, heart, and mind so that others may experience the same intimacy with all of life.

I am eternally grateful that I get to be Richard's wife, mother to our beautifully spirited daughter, Abbey, and caretaker of our four-legged gentle-giant and companion, Chenoa.